Let me ask you a ridiculous question.
Who's the greatest of all time freestyle or.
Folkstyle oh, wrestling wrestling. Hmm. Well, I,
I will say my knowledge passed like the year 2000 is really
not that great. Cause you can, in which.
Direction, sorry. After.
2000, no, no. Before. Cause you can't find any film or anything, you know?
And so you, you hear of all the, so you need.
Evidence, you need.
Direct evidence.
I wanna be able to watch 'em and see 'em and feel the times and feel their
opponents and you know, all those things to really like,
I hate giving bad answers, you know? So, um, I would, I,
there's just not enough footage of any of those people, you know, we took,
we go back to someone like Alexander Medved mm-hmm <affirmative> like,
you can't find footage, you can't find anything on him, you know?
So like who was he wrestling? I, you know, I'm not sure. So, um,
post 2000 I think. And, and obviously just freestyle. So.
Um, Americans, Russian.
UHF has the, probably the best argument post 2000, I think said I of, um, if he.
Yeah, the Russian tank guy. Yeah. So who's, who's better Snyder or said.
I, I just wanted the Olympics. I.
Understand this. I understand how that works, but there's pretty close, right?
Not really, not, not that match, but in general, the match up.
So well, so Kyle won the first one in 17,
said I have pinned him the following year,
but then Kyle lost and took bronze in 19. Um, and then just lost.
I don't want, I don't wanna say fairly decisively, but it was,
it was six to three and it was a late take down.
You kind of gave it up and maybe it was really competitive. Maybe wouldn't have,
um, took her wrestle again in like two weeks here so that,
you know yeah. You, I mean, you have to say said live at this point.
There's nothing else to say unless Kyle proves says otherwise.
Yeah, not enough. People talk about so live. Okay.
Well you think that guy should go to MMA.
You think Kyle should go to MMA some of these guys? Yeah.
They're making enough money wrestling where they don't really feel the need to
it's it's.
Terrifying though.
It's a heavyweight said alive would probably it's like it's like could be,
but heavyweight. Well, I don't know.
If you remember, do you remember mock off?
So mock off actually was the Russian representative in both styles of 2016,
correctly and freestyle. Um, and he was to my knowledge,
the only person the UFC's ever signed that was zero and modern era signed.
That was zero and zero.
And then he actually never ended up fighting <laugh> but weird. Right? So.
Yeah, no motivation.
I, I don't know. I don't know what the story is. Cause sometimes I I'd rush.
I mean, maybe you have better sources than I do.
Sometimes it feels like dudes just disappear.
Like they're a world champ or Olympic champ.
And then all of a sudden you're like, wait, I, where do.
You go? You, you talked about Russia earlier in the conversation. So, oh,
what'd I say I, I forgot, but I think steroids,
I think somebody's gonna show up to your door. I'm.
Worried.
I honestly I've said enough bad things where I would be kind looking over my
shoulder if I went to the or something <laugh>.
Oh, I for one love the Russians. What.
About IOUs? How does that.
Make you feel? What about it? It's fake news. Oh really?
I'm just kidding. It's propaganda. Maybe it's I dunno. I dunno. It's anymore.
Yeah.
You know, it's troublesome, man. I hate cheating in all of his forms.